README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) 9.4, [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) 1.5, and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/home.html) 3.9 starter template

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md: add how to use this template

README.md, after:

# Next.js TailwindCSS Typescript Starter
This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) 9.4, [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) 1.5, and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/home.html) 3.9 starter template

## How to use this template
Here're a few ways to create your new project using this template.
### Using `create-next-app`
Create a new next.js app from the template using [create-next-app](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app)
```
npx create-next-app --example "https://github.com/vuongddang/nextjs-tailwindcss-typescript-starter/tree/master"
# or
yarn create next-app --example "https://github.com/vuongddang/nextjs-tailwindcss-typescript-starter/tree/master"
```

### Create new repository from github [template](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)

You can generate a new repository with the same directory structure and files by click `Use this template` button in the upper right or [click here](https://github.com/vuongddang/nextjs-tailwindcss-typescript-starter/generate).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `src/pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.


## Deploy on Vercel

Once you have the project running locally you can [import](https://vercel.com/import/git) your project to Vercel and get it up and running in a few clicks.

Other option is to click on the button below to create a new repository that look exactly like this one, and sets it up and running on Vercel. 

[![Deploy to Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/project?template=https://github.com/vuongddang/nextjs-tailwindcss-typescript-starter/tree/master)

Check out [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
